Changelog fix for 11.0-a.7 (#24414)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/plugins/jetpack/CHANGELOG.md

## 11.0-a.7 - 2022-05-18
### Enhancements
- Email subscriptions: update the default body of the "Confirmation request" email. [#24389]

> - Membership Products Store: refactor the product memberships store to reduce complexity and improve speed. [#24333]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Payments Blocks: refactor the product memberships store to reduce complexity and improve speed. [#24333]
```

- VideoPress: add support for automatic seekbar color. [#24330]

### Improved compatibility
- General: improve the connection sharing between Jetpack and standalone plugins. [#24309]

### Bug fixes

> - WAF: add activation/deactivation hooks for waf module. [#24153]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- WAF: add activation/deactivation hooks for WAF feature. [#24153]
```

Reviewer: Given that this is still being developed, maybe this should be in "Other" ?

Author: Last time we decided to keep WAF in the Enhancements section but I'm not sure what was the reasoning behind it.
